# **Proposal**
## **Project Over View**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As all dog owners are already aware, scheduling play dates for their furry friends can be a challenging endeavor. Luckily, I have a solution. For this assignment, I am proposing a stand alone project, a social media site for dogs. Owner will not be able to talk directly through the site, but are encouraged to add a corresponding email for their dog onto the site. Each page will include the dog’s name, picture, and short description of their personality, size, weight, and breed.
 
## **Educational Goals**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not only will this project be fun and rewarding, but it also incorporates many of the educational goals of this class. Since my team and I will be starting the project from scratch, all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle will be used. The planning phase will focus on the scope of the project, which would essentially be this proposal. Choosing a topic that is realistically achievable in the given time frame was the most difficult part. As a result, the requirements will be subject to change based on the time allotted. Design, software development, testing and deployment will all be incorporated throughout the assignment. Mirroring the agile model, our team will incorporate test driven development. In my experience testing throughout the process of developing a project is always helpful in achieving a polished final project. Similar to many other large scale projects, this will also incorporate unified modeling language. We are starting this project from scratch, so we will also have the opportunity to practice with detailed models in order to visualize the design of our system.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Debugging is another major theme in computer science. Tindog will prove no different. On-the-fly coding will also be incorporated as a result of the debugging and the general nature of this project. Coding in a group requires teamwork, cooperation, and patience. During the debugging phase, on the-fly-coding may be required as issues arise as a result of individual member’s input. Finally, Tindog will introduce a Graphic User Interface. Like any successful website or mobile app, there needs to be a clean, user friendly design.
## **Proposal Contribution**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I don’t have formal experience or background in html, I briefly used it in another class and have been gradually self-teaching. I enjoy the design portion of html: color scheme, sizing, borders, et cetera. I feel that I could contribute my set of skills by designing the front page, as well as editing the colors and overall “look” of the other pages. I am admittedly not the most proficient coder, however, I know many of my classmates are extremely talented in that area. Combining our diverse skill sets, with my attention to detail, drive to learn new languages, obsession with color theory, and passion for dogs with the coding excellence of my classmates to fine tune the backend details, Tindog can be an excellent website and concept.
## **Background**  
https://github.com/ShannonMurphy7/TinDog
## **Required Resources**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For this project, all team members must have software that can run html. Notepad was used for the code in the repository. 
